SITE: GeneatioNext GFXs
HELP FORUM : http://www.forum.gnext.vze.com
Design Site : http://www.gnext.vze.com
Email : gnext_gfx@yahoo.com

Thank you for downloading this template either from our site or another site.
Please take a minute of your time to give us a feedback at our forum. Thanks.

WEBMASTERS : 

You can distrubute this layout on you site with a few exceptions. 
You cannot sell this template as it does not belong to you.  You must link back 
to our site. You may not modify it in any way. DONT TAKE CREDITS FOR IT!

HOW CAN YOU HELP?

Well if you are kind enough, you can make a generous donation to GeneratioNext!
via paypal at the website. By doing this, we can create more free layouts 
and help us cover the costs of hosting them. 
If you cannot do that, we will not hold you for it. 
You can simply go to our website and vote for US! to keep us alive.


*** All of our layouts are linkware and free of charge otherwise stated ***

About Layout:

All of our layouts are consist of CSS.  This is a layout for intermediate 
webdesigners due to complex CSS involved. Most of the design replies 
on the CSS to bring out the best effects. All images, are place in an 
images directory. To be easily organized.


Want our links to be REMOVE ??? :

If you would like to get rid of our links, 
send us 10 US Dollar and our links will be removed. 
If you wish to remove our links, or want more information about it,
please dont hestitate to contact email me at gnext_gfx@yahoo.com.
Also the layout will be removed from our database as well, 
which means no one else will be able to use that layout, but only you!

Installation :

To install this layout, upload the all of the files 
without tampering with anything [like the names and so on...
unless you know what your doing] onto your server and then 
after that, make sure everything looks right. If not, then 
you messed up or the zip file does not include everything 
[which rarely happens]. If your sure you didn't make a mistake, 
you can post a message at our forum, 
and you will get help there. If you dont wish to do that, you can hire 
us and we can fix it for you for a low price. Anyway, if everything 
is okay, you can edit the links, so on. Enjoy!

Terms :

This layout is free for use but is linkware. 
If you use this layout, you must not edit, 
cover or remove the watermark and link to 
GeneratioNext below.  The link must be on the 
actual layout where used on a main page or 
you can support us by putting on all your pages.
That will help us alot. It would be nice to donate 
a few bucks to us, so it will help pay for our server.
[That is not required though it would be 
nice. It shoulds that you appreciate our works.]

The templates may be used for your own and/or your clients' web 
sites, and or commercials but you may not put them on a diskette, 
CD, web site or any other medium and offer them for resale. 
This means that if you are a web developer and consultant you 
are free to use the templates in the design of your site or a 
clients' web sites. However the templates may not 
be resold in any sort of collection, such as distributing to a 
third party via CD, diskette, or letting others download off your 
web sites, etc without permission from the webmaster. 
You may not edit the template and then sell it, in anyway. 
In any way if you do not abide by these terms, 
GeneratioNext will prosecute to the highest extent possible.

All of our templates are AS IS. We do not provide support for free templates. 
If you need help, you can check out our forum for help, or you can purchase 
the layout and we may provide the support needed for you to get started.

If this layout inspires you to make a similar one, 
I'll appreciate if you link back to us. Thank you and enjoy.

Warning :

If you are to use our templates to design web sites for your 
commercial clients, it is wise to advise your clients in advance 
that your using pre-made templates for their projects in order to 
avoid possible legal disputes with your clients.


The layouts are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, 
either expressed or implied. You are responsible for adding or 
editing your web site's content (e.g. pictures, photos, and text) 
to the layout yourself. Technical support will be very limited 
to problems such as graphics alignment and other difficulties 
you might experience.


